[FEATURE] TypoScript module renamed: Document for constants (#1319)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/UsingSetting/Constants.rst

Constants
=========

..  versionchanged:: 12.0
    The TypoScript management tools are now found in backend module
    :guilabel:`Site Management > TypoScript`. It was formerly found in
    "Page > Template".

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/TypoScriptModule/ConstantEditor.png
    :alt: Screenshot of the TYPO3 Backend showing the constant editor

    The :ref:`Constant Editor <constant-editor>` in the TYPO3 backend

Constants are values defined in the  :guilabel:`Constants` field of a template.  They
follow the :ref:`syntax of ordinary TypoScript
<t3coreapi:typoscript-syntax-syntax>` and are case sensitive! They are used to
manage *in a single place* values, which are later used in *several places*.

..  seealso::

>     Most constants can be edited in the :guilabel:`Template` module using the

Reviewer: How about "assigned" instead of "edited"? We don't really edit the definitions, but apply values to defined constants...? 

(I'm not too firm on this section so please excuse me if I misunderstand)

Author: Done

>     Most constants can be edited in the :guilabel:`Template` module using the

Author: ```suggestion
    Most constants can be assigned in the :guilabel:`Template` module using the
```

>     Most constants can be assigned in the :guilabel:`Template` module using the

Reviewer 2: This is not valid for TYPO3 12 and 13 anymore

Author: done

>     Most constants can be assigned in the :guilabel:`Template` module using the

Author: ```suggestion
    Most constants can be assigned in the :guilabel:`TypoScript` module using the
```

    bgCol = red
    file {

>        toplogo = fileadmin/logo.gif

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      toplogo = fileadmin/logo.gif
```

    }
    topimg {

>        width = 200
>        file.pic2 = fileadmin/logo2.gif

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      width = 200
      file.pic2 = fileadmin/logo2.gif
```

    {$topimg.file.pic2}
    {$file.toplogo}

Only constants, which are actually defined in the :guilabel:`Constants` field
or an included :file:`constants.typoscript` file, are
substituted.

Constants from included TypoScript files are also substituted. All TypoScript
constants are combined before the TypoScript Setup configuration is resolved.

A systematic naming scheme should be used for constants. As "paths" can be
defined, it's also possible to structure constants and prefix them with a common
path segment. This makes reading and finding of constants easier.

..  _typoscript-syntax-using-constants-example:

Example
-------

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/setup.typoscript

    page = PAGE
    page {

>         typeNum = 0
>         bodyTag = <body class="{$tx_my_sitepackage.bgCol}">
>         10 = IMAGE
>         10.file = {$tx_my_sitepackage.file.toplogo}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      typeNum = 0
      bodyTag = <body class="{$tx_my_sitepackage.bgCol}">
      10 = IMAGE
      10.file = {$tx_my_sitepackage.file.toplogo}
```

    }

For the above example to work, the constants from the last example have to be
defined in the constants field or a file called :file:`constants.typoscript`:

..  code-block:: typoscript
    :caption: EXT:my_sitepackage/Configuration/TypoScript/constants.typoscript

    tx_my_sitepackage {

>         bgCol = bg-primary
>         file.toplogo = EXT:my_sitepackage/Resources/Public/Images/Logo.png

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      bgCol = bg-primary
      file.toplogo = EXT:my_sitepackage/Resources/Public/Images/Logo.png
```

    }

..  figure:: /Images/ManualScreenshots/TypoScriptModule/ConstantAndSetupRecord.png
    :alt: Screenshot of the TypoScript record editor showing the Constants and Setup fields

    The fields :guilabel:`Constants` and :guilabel:`Setup` in the TypoScript backend record

You can use the sub module :guilabel:`Site Management > TypoScript > Active TypoScript`

> to display how constants are replaced. The constant key is displayed in red, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to display which valued are assigned to constants. The constant key is displayed in red, the
```

How about this?

> to display which valued are assigned to constants. The constant key is displayed in red, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to display which values are assigned to constants. The constant key is displayed in red, the
```

Typo, sorry
